# sp-rick-alana

The network scanner is a script to use and control nmap after downloading it into your machine. Once downloaded, you can use the snippet to control nmap and run whatever type of network scan you want, and even find what ports are being used to listen. It was difficult getting Visual Studio to "see" nmap and python, but that might have been my machine's fault. The demo included this code snippet as well as a virtual box simulation of nmap penetration testing using Kali Linux. This is just a simple download feature after configuring the correct storage driver for your Virtual Box to be Kali. Nmap is already a part of this operating system so demoing is as easy as opening a command prompt. 

For the Amazon Alexa skills there are 4 skills, eavesdrop, exploit, cakewalk, and port scanner. These skills rely in the Amazon Alexa console developer in the python ide. They correspond with similar intents in the front end section of the developer console. The cakewalk skill is a demo for what the skill would should do. The eavesdrop skill is to eavesdrop on conversation during the action of the skill. The exploit skill is to manipulate the cakewalk skill and ask for a password to "update" the Alexa. Finally the port scanner is a skill to ask Alexa to scan for open ports on a specific site. The sandboxing environment in the Alexa Developer Console allows the user to test these skills and code without having to push it to the actual Amazon Alexa. We can test these skills through this environment and manipulate them accordingly to how we would like them to act. 
